# RPS Challenge

Instructions
-------

* Feel free to use google, your notes, books, etc. but work on your own
* If you refer to the solution of another coach or student, please put a link to that in your README
* If you have a partial solution, **still check in a partial solution**
* You must submit a pull request to this repo with your code by 9am Monday morning

Task
----

Knowing how to build web applications is getting us almost there as web developers!

The Makers Academy Marketing Array ( **MAMA** ) have asked us to provide a game for them. Their daily grind is pretty tough and they need time to steam a little.

Your task is to provide a _Rock, Paper, Scissors_ game for them so they can play on the web with the following user stories:

```
As a marketeer
So that I can see my name in lights
I would like to register my name before playing an online game

As a marketeer
So that I can enjoy myself away from the daily grind
I would like to be able to play rock/paper/scissors
```

Hints on functionality

- the marketeer should be able to enter their name before the game
- the marketeer will be presented the choices (rock, paper and scissors)
- the marketeer can choose one option
- the game will choose a random option
- a winner will be declared


As usual please start by

* Forking this repo
* TEST driving development of your app


## Bonus level 1: Multiplayer

Change the game so that two marketeers can play against each other ( _yes there are two of them_ ).

## Bonus level 2: Rock, Paper, Scissors, Spock, Lizard

Use the _special_ rules ( _you can find them here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock_ )

## Basic Rules

- Rock beats Scissors
- Scissors beats Paper
- Paper beats Rock

In code review we'll be hoping to see:

* All tests passing
* High [Test coverage](https://github.com/makersacademy/course/blob/master/pills/test_coverage.md) (>95% is good)
* The code is elegant: every class has a clear responsibility, methods are short etc.

Reviewers will potentially be using this [code review rubric](docs/review.md).  Referring to this rubric in advance may make the challenge somewhat easier.  You should be the judge of how much challenge you want this at this moment.

Notes on test coverage
----------------------

Please ensure you have the following **AT THE TOP** of your spec_helper.rb in order to have test coverage stats generated
on your pull request:

```ruby
require 'simplecov'
require 'simplecov-console'

SimpleCov.formatter = SimpleCov::Formatter::MultiFormatter.new([
  SimpleCov::Formatter::Console,
  # Want a nice code coverage website? Uncomment this next line!
  # SimpleCov::Formatter::HTMLFormatter
])
SimpleCov.start
```

You can see your test coverage when you run your tests. If you want this in a graphical form, uncomment the `HTMLFormatter` line and see what happens!


Reflection upon challenge completion
- I have completed the game without implementing the bonus levels. We had done something similar for bonus level one in the weekly challenge. For this part I simply diagrammed out how I would change the program and looked made sure i knew the different parts of my program that would change. I was satisfied that I knew how to implement this change so I decided not to implement.
- I used very basic CSS formatting for the program and was more focused on the functionality and trying to get good test coverage. My CSS skills are definitely something I would like to improve a bit more in future.
- My main struggle was writing feature tests for the results page and trying to account for randomness. I saw a couple of stackoverflow articles that mentioned that mocking and stubbing can only be used in Unit tests, so I wasn't sure how I could have tested for the contents of the results page.
- I feel like my app has a lot of different views and I am not sure if I could have simplified this. i think I could have possibly eliminated the midway view and used interpolation to use the preparation view a second time.
- I decided to stick with just one game class. I think I could have created a second player class, but since the moves were in a set order and the outcomes were randomly generated by the machine, it seemed that maybe a game class alone would suffice as the game is essentially making all of the decisions.
