README.md, before:


CODE TO RUN VIRTUAL SERVER:
rackup --env production config.ru -p $PORT -o $IP


REQUIREMENTS:
1) I would like to register my name before playing an online game

2) I would like to be able to play rock/paper/scissors




# RPS Challenge

Instructions
-------

* Challenge time: rest of the day and weekend, until Monday 9am
* Feel free to use google, your notes, books, etc. but work on your own
* If you refer to the solution of another coach or student, please put a link to that in your README
* If you have a partial solution, **still check in a partial solution**
* You must submit a pull request to this repo with your code by 9am Monday morning

Task 
----

Knowing how to build web applications is getting us almost there as web developers!

The Makers Academy Marketing Array ( **MAMA** ) have asked us to provide a game for them. Their daily grind is pretty tough and they need time to steam a little.

Your task is to provide a _Rock, Paper, Scissors_ game for them so they can play on the web with the following user stories:

```sh
As a marketeer
So that I can see my name in lights
I would like to register my name before playing an online game

As a marketeer
So that I can enjoy myself away from the daily grind
I would like to be able to play rock/paper/scissors
```

Hints on functionality

- the marketeer should be able to enter their name before the game
- the marketeer will be presented the choices (rock, paper and scissors)
- the marketeer can choose one option
- the game will choose a random option
- a winner will be declared


As usual please start by

* Forking this repo
* TEST driving development of your app


## Bonus level 1: Multiplayer

Change the game so that two marketeers can play against each other ( _yes there are two of them_ ).

## Bonus level 2: Rock, Paper, Scissors, Spock, Lizard

Use the _special_ rules ( _you can find them here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock_ )

## Basic Rules

- Rock beats Scissors
- Scissors beats Paper
- Paper beats Rock

In code review we'll be hoping to see:

* All tests passing
* High [Test coverage](https://github.com/makersacademy/course/blob/master/pills/test_coverage.md) (>95% is good)
* The code is elegant: every class has a clear responsibility, methods are short etc. 

Reviewers will potentially be using this [code review rubric](docs/review.md).  Referring to this rubric in advance may make the challenge somewhat easier.  You should be the judge of how much challenge you want this weekend.

Notes on test coverage
----------------------

Please ensure you have the following **AT THE TOP** of your spec_helper.rb in order to have test coverage stats generated
on your pull request:

```ruby
require 'coveralls'
require 'simplecov'

SimpleCov.formatters = [
  SimpleCov::Formatter::HTMLFormatter,
  Coveralls::SimpleCov::Formatter
]
Coveralls.wear! 
```

You can see your [test coverage](https://github.com/makersacademy/course/blob/master/pills/test_coverage.md) when you submit a pull request, and you can also get a summary locally by running:

```
$ coveralls report
```

This repo works with [Coveralls](https://coveralls.io/) to calculate test coverage statistics on each pull request.

Commit message:

Set up environment so that capybara runs and website can be viewed on server. Pending test created for log-in.

README.md, after:


CODE TO RUN VIRTUAL SERVER:
rackup --env production config.ru -p $PORT -o $IP       #Allows me to run the virtual server to view the website.


REQUIREMENTS:
1) I would like to register my name before playing an online game

2) I would like to be able to play rock/paper/scissors




# RPS Challenge

Instructions
-------

* Challenge time: rest of the day and weekend, until Monday 9am
* Feel free to use google, your notes, books, etc. but work on your own
* If you refer to the solution of another coach or student, please put a link to that in your README
* If you have a partial solution, **still check in a partial solution**
* You must submit a pull request to this repo with your code by 9am Monday morning

Task 
----

Knowing how to build web applications is getting us almost there as web developers!

The Makers Academy Marketing Array ( **MAMA** ) have asked us to provide a game for them. Their daily grind is pretty tough and they need time to steam a little.

Your task is to provide a _Rock, Paper, Scissors_ game for them so they can play on the web with the following user stories:

```sh
As a marketeer
So that I can see my name in lights
I would like to register my name before playing an online game

As a marketeer
So that I can enjoy myself away from the daily grind
I would like to be able to play rock/paper/scissors
```

Hints on functionality

- the marketeer should be able to enter their name before the game
- the marketeer will be presented the choices (rock, paper and scissors)
- the marketeer can choose one option
- the game will choose a random option
- a winner will be declared


As usual please start by

* Forking this repo
* TEST driving development of your app


## Bonus level 1: Multiplayer

Change the game so that two marketeers can play against each other ( _yes there are two of them_ ).

## Bonus level 2: Rock, Paper, Scissors, Spock, Lizard

Use the _special_ rules ( _you can find them here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock_ )

## Basic Rules

- Rock beats Scissors
- Scissors beats Paper
- Paper beats Rock

In code review we'll be hoping to see:

* All tests passing
* High [Test coverage](https://github.com/makersacademy/course/blob/master/pills/test_coverage.md) (>95% is good)
* The code is elegant: every class has a clear responsibility, methods are short etc. 

Reviewers will potentially be using this [code review rubric](docs/review.md).  Referring to this rubric in advance may make the challenge somewhat easier.  You should be the judge of how much challenge you want this weekend.

Notes on test coverage
----------------------

Please ensure you have the following **AT THE TOP** of your spec_helper.rb in order to have test coverage stats generated
on your pull request:

```ruby
require 'coveralls'
require 'simplecov'

SimpleCov.formatters = [
  SimpleCov::Formatter::HTMLFormatter,
  Coveralls::SimpleCov::Formatter
]
Coveralls.wear! 
```

You can see your [test coverage](https://github.com/makersacademy/course/blob/master/pills/test_coverage.md) when you submit a pull request, and you can also get a summary locally by running:

```
$ coveralls report
```

This repo works with [Coveralls](https://coveralls.io/) to calculate test coverage statistics on each pull request.
